README.md, before:

# Currency Converter

A modern, responsive currency converter web application built with React and Tailwind CSS. Convert between 150+ currencies.
## Features

- Real-time currency conversion
- Support for 150+ global currencies
- Dark/Light mode toggle
- Responsive design
- Modern, clean user interface

## Tech Stack

- React.js
- Tailwind CSS
- Vite

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone <your-repo-url>
cd currency-converter
```

2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Build for production
```bash
npm run build
```

## Usage

1. Enter the amount you want to convert
2. Select the source currency from the dropdown
3. Select the target currency
4. View the converted amount instantly

## Project Structure

```
currency-converter/
├── src/
│   ├── App.jsx          # Main application component
│   ├── currencyData.js  # Currency data and mappings
│   ├── index.css        # Global styles
│   └── main.jsx         # Application entry point
├── public/
├── index.html
└── package.json
```

Commit message:

fixed deployment error currency converter

README.md, after:

# Currency Converter

A modern, responsive currency converter web application built with React and Tailwind CSS. Convert between 150+ currencies.
## Features

- Real-time currency conversion
- Support for 150+ global currencies
- Dark/Light mode toggle
- Responsive design
- Modern, clean user interface
## Live Demo

Experience the Currency Converter in action: [Live Demo](https://aniket-manhas.github.io/currency-converter/)

## Tech Stack

- React.js
- Tailwind CSS
- Vite

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v16 or higher)
- npm or yarn

### Installation

1. Clone the repository
```bash
git clone <https://github.com/Aniket-Manhas/currency-converter.git>
cd currency-converter
```

2. Install dependencies
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server
```bash
npm run dev
```

## Usage

1. Enter the amount you want to convert
2. Select the source currency from the dropdown
3. Select the target currency
4. View the converted amount instantly

## Project Structure

```
currency-converter/
├── src/
│   ├── App.jsx          # Main application component
│   ├── currencyData.js  # Currency data and mappings
│   ├── index.css        # Global styles
│   └── main.jsx         # Application entry point
├── public/
├── index.html
└── package.json
```
